(wip) Document messages format (#2286)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/observability-quickstart.mdx

[_Observability_](/langsmith/observability-concepts) is a critical requirement for applications built with Large Language Models (LLMs). LLMs are non-deterministic, which means that the same prompt can produce different responses. This behavior makes debugging and monitoring more challenging than with traditional software.

LangSmith addresses this by providing end-to-end visibility into each request. Every request generates a [_trace_](/langsmith/observability-concepts#traces), which is a complete record of what happened. Within a trace are individual [_runs_](/langsmith/observability-concepts#runs), the specific operations your application performed, such as an LLM or tool call.

In this quickstart, you will set up a simple agent with [function calling](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling#page-top) (also known as tool calling) that's fully traced in LangSmith.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have:

- **A LangSmith account**: Sign up or log in at [smith.langchain.com](https://smith.langchain.com).

> - **A LangSmith API key**: Create an API key [here](https://smith.langchain.com/settings/apikeys).

Reviewer: OK, we don't make this change? It is a better docs practice to spell out the link that a user is going to. We try to avoid "here" where possible for links.

## 3. Define your application

> Let's build a simple agent that uses OpenAI's Responses API with function calling. This example shows a weather assistant that can look up weather information. For simplicity, we'll return a static forecast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, you'll build a simple agent that uses OpenAI's Responses API with function calling. This example shows a weather assistant that can look up weather information. For simplicity, you'll return a static forecast.
```
Where possible we want to keep it "you" focused.
